server/cmd/mmctl/docs/mmctl_export_create.rst, before:

.. _mmctl_export_create:

mmctl export create
-------------------

Create export file

Synopsis
~~~~~~~~


Create export file

::

  mmctl export create [flags]

Options
~~~~~~~

::

  -h, --help             help for create
      --no-attachments   Set to true to exclude file attachments in the export file.

Options inherited from parent commands
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

::

      --config string                path to the configuration file (default "$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/mmctl/config")
      --disable-pager                disables paged output
      --insecure-sha1-intermediate   allows to use insecure TLS protocols, such as SHA-1
      --insecure-tls-version         allows to use TLS versions 1.0 and 1.1
      --json                         the output format will be in json format
      --local                        allows communicating with the server through a unix socket
      --quiet                        prevent mmctl to generate output for the commands
      --strict                       will only run commands if the mmctl version matches the server one
      --suppress-warnings            disables printing warning messages

SEE ALSO
~~~~~~~~

* `mmctl export <mmctl_export.rst>`_ 	 - Management of exports

Commit message:

allow exporting archived public and private channels

server/cmd/mmctl/docs/mmctl_export_create.rst, after:

.. _mmctl_export_create:

mmctl export create
-------------------

Create export file

Synopsis
~~~~~~~~


Create export file

::

  mmctl export create [flags]

Options
~~~~~~~

::

  -h, --help                        help for create
      --include-archived-channels   Set to true to include archived channels in the export file.
      --no-attachments              Set to true to exclude file attachments in the export file.

Options inherited from parent commands
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

::

      --config string                path to the configuration file (default "$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/mmctl/config")
      --disable-pager                disables paged output
      --insecure-sha1-intermediate   allows to use insecure TLS protocols, such as SHA-1
      --insecure-tls-version         allows to use TLS versions 1.0 and 1.1
      --json                         the output format will be in json format
      --local                        allows communicating with the server through a unix socket
      --quiet                        prevent mmctl to generate output for the commands
      --strict                       will only run commands if the mmctl version matches the server one
      --suppress-warnings            disables printing warning messages

SEE ALSO
~~~~~~~~

* `mmctl export <mmctl_export.rst>`_ 	 - Management of exports
