doc/integrations/Single-Sign-On/Github.md, before:

## Configuring GitHub Enterprise Single-Sign-On

Follow these steps to configure Mattermost to use GitHub Enterprise as a single-sign-on (SSO) service for team creation, account creation and sign-in.

1. Login to your GitHub Enterprise account and go to the Applications section in Profile Settings.
2. Add a new application called "Mattermost" with the following as Authorization callback URL:
  * `<your-mattermost-url>` (example: http://localhost:8065)

3. Submit the application and copy the given _Id_ and _Secret_ into the appropriate _GitLabSettings_ fields in config/config.json

4. Also in config/config.json, set _Enable_ to `true` for the _gitlab_ section, leave _Scope_ blank and use the following for the endpoints:
  * _AuthEndpoint_: `https://<your-github-enterprise-url>/oauth/authorize` (example https://github.com/oauth/authorize)
  * _TokenEndpoint_: `https://<your-github-enterprise-url>/oauth/access_token`
  * _UserApiEndpoint_: `https://<your-github-enterprise-url>/api/v3/user`

5. (Optional) If you would like to force all users to sign-up with GitHub Enterprise only, in the _ServiceSettings_ section of config/config.json set _DisableEmailSignUp_ to `true`.

6. Restart your Mattermost server to see the changes take effect.

Commit message:

Note that the Github Enterprise SSO is unofficial
Since the GitLab SSO UI is used for GitHub Enterprise SSO, it's potentially
confusing.

Suggested-by: it33 <iantien@gmail.com>

doc/integrations/Single-Sign-On/Github.md, after:

## Configuring GitHub Enterprise Single-Sign-On (unofficial)

Note: Because the authentication interface of GitHub Enterprise is similar to that of GitLab, the GitLab SSO feature can be used to unofficially also support GitHub Enterprise SSO.

Follow these steps to configure Mattermost to use Github Enterprise as a single-sign-on (SSO) service for team creation, account creation and sign-in using the GitLab SSO interface.

1. Login to your GitHub Enterprise account and go to the Applications section in Profile Settings.
2. Add a new application called "Mattermost" with the following as Authorization callback URL:
  * `<your-mattermost-url>` (example: http://localhost:8065)

3. Submit the application and copy the given _Id_ and _Secret_ into the appropriate _GitLabSettings_ fields in config/config.json

4. Also in config/config.json, set _Enable_ to `true` for the _gitlab_ section, leave _Scope_ blank and use the following for the endpoints:
  * _AuthEndpoint_: `https://<your-github-enterprise-url>/oauth/authorize` (example https://github.com/oauth/authorize)
  * _TokenEndpoint_: `https://<your-github-enterprise-url>/oauth/access_token`
  * _UserApiEndpoint_: `https://<your-github-enterprise-url>/api/v3/user`

5. (Optional) If you would like to force all users to sign-up with GitHub Enterprise only, in the _ServiceSettings_ section of config/config.json set _DisableEmailSignUp_ to `true`.

6. Restart your Mattermost server to see the changes take effect.
